Ben who in your imagination is going to
see Sonic the Hedgehog on Valentine's
Day best people in the universe Magic
Johnson was right here about you Johnson
was right there yeah it was right here
did you mean him
yeah I was waiting in there like he's
gonna be walking by real soon all right
I'm gonna just act real cool and well
and he's just a lovely gentleman the
best in fact I met him when I was 17
years old at the airport at LAX and he
stopped not only did he stop to talk to
me we were in the middle of traffic what
do you mean I mean we were in the street
I saw him and I flipped out and I said
hello to him and and he stopped and we
chatted and then I realized we were in
traffic that's amazing that's how famous
he is know one hunk
there was no honking at all like
pretending to do skyhooks was going
through
what are you Knicks fan huge Knicks fan
sorry Ella hugeness all right but
because they have appeared a threat no
they're having so much damage holy this
is a photograph there's you only crystal
cool that you took the that you picked
the picture where I'm literally picking
up my armpit yeah and Adam looks like
somebody boxed his ears or something
like that but kevin garnett looks great
it's great did you cut like did you guys
who burr together how did this happen
yeah we took it over pool we all just
like pick us up so I got invited because
I did a movie Billy Crystal and he's
turned into one of my good friends I
love him to death and then we just sat
down and then out of nowhere Adam
Sandler sits next to him and then kevin
garnett and it wasn't till like 30
minutes later that look at these three
people for a second we found out it was
Jewish heritage night but we didn't it
we had no idea this is our face when we
realized it was Jewish heritage
[Music]
here we are on Jewish heritage night it
was very sad
that does sound like fun use your la
team the Clippers you're just yeah
flippers I'll do Clippers and then
Lakers so goes Knicks Clippers and
Lakers yeah that's weird yeah yeah
that's weird
yeah it's a little weird like you can't
really like both but shakers are
incredible is you know nets and mixed in
there and although that's didn't make it
cuz never New Jersey when I was there
and we were from Riverdale in the Bronx
so we never did the New Jersey teams and
again so people the ideas they would
bring their wives or girlfriends to
Sonic the Hedgehog on unbalance on
Valentine's Day
you think so this is what I'm thinking
Sleepless in Seattle
you got mail Sonic the Hedgehog yeah
yeah get him on camera he earned it I
love you I love you very much but I love
Sonic since I was 8 years old what are
you saying honey what are we gonna do I
think if I think if I took my wife to
see Sonic the Hedgehog on Valentine's
Day and I know it's gonna continue after
that that I would be there would be a
lawyer waiting out server to give me a
divorce on the way out then yes I will
go with you on Valley phantoms then
Sonic the Hedgehog Sonic was the most
important person in my whole house when
my video games what no not to me to my
son Kevin Grace now 26 years old
oh hi Sonic was everything you know and
and now your is that I mean it must be
kind of cool to be the star of the movie
it's crazy I mean Jim Carrey's in it I
can never be called the star of the
movie when Jim Jim Carrey in our Sonic
Oh Timmy is Jim is not yeah you're right
it's it's crazy because I played it in
1991 I was a huge fan of the games and
then when they're making this film and
they asked if I would do it it's like a
dream come true because now I get to be
the voice just like how your son was
introduced or then maybe some people
watch it
I'll be the way that they're getting
introduced a character it's crazy he was
threatening the sonic love I'm spreading
the sonic blood wasn't enough you this
is pretty great actually so explain
what's going on here real quick okay so
this is a this is a book by Anthony
Daniels fantastic wonderful thank you
this is c3 peel for people who've never
seen Star Wars there's a bunch of them
now and so JJ Abrams is the director of
two of the Star Wars is and uh-huh
credible human being he wrote the
foreword I believe it is with the
prologue what everyone call it and and
here's the picture of it and then give
me an enhanced give me an enhance give
me an enhance give me an enhance
[Applause]
scratching your neck I am I am in the
background this is my claim to fame I am
in the background of a shot of what
looks like Jay Jay doing the robot to
c-3po well to a robot yeah really yeah
visited set for that one day I would
even care it was top secret it was top
secret I was having a meeting we did a
pilot together I would see through p.m.
in c-3po yeah yeah there's a real Bosom
Buddies that me and JJ JD produced a
pilot that I did but it it was it went
it was so crazy to be on those sets it's
bananas did you have to sign a document
saying you would never reveal anything
yeah yeah yeah
see that picture until it was literally
in the book Wow
yeah it's pretty exciting but I lucked
out because I got a special thanks in
episode 9 I wrote a couple jokes for
c-3po that got in the movie really is
very yeah that happen it happened
because the movie was done and JJ asked
if I'd come by and maybe see if I can
punch up some stuff and he's then he's
been an incredible infinity and c-3po
delivered your joke set in sync you I've
watched this show enough to know that
you know how important and special that
is oh so much better than saying one of
your own jokes oh my goodness yet right
joke for c-3po what joke did you would
joke to try Kenny four or five on yes
really why yeah that's great it's like
all the jokes he had in the movie yeah
airline peanuts are kind of like this
but Jedi's was like my one was there's a
couple one of them is they come down
through the sand pit so I'm gonna
remember not at all it just happened
they come down through the sand pit and
someone's look around I was like are you
okay are you okay and nobody says c-3po
and c-3po comes to the back and says
nobody said my name but I'm okay
[Laughter]
I like it Wow Wow that's pretty that's
like I mean that's like having a Bruce
Springsteen cover a song you wrote right
yeah that's exactly right well it's
great to see you congratulations on your
sonic miss again it opens on Valentine's
Day
take your hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back
this holiday season in a fun way by my
new book the serious goose I wrote it
and through it all the money I make goes
to children's hospitals across the
country or watch another gaming video
and don't help kids it's up to you